crisis 70% of Millennials have less than
$1,000 for a down payment on their home
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you today we are going
to look at the situation of Maximum
accumulated
debt there is no possibility for young
individuals today to purchase homes
unless they are getting their money from
alternate sources they will be unable to
afford it I have gathered references
from different countries to show you
it's a global issue
debt household debt is currently at a
record high or close to it depending on
where you live look at
this the US household debt hits new
record
high and that's from May
2017 moving over to Canada household
debt hits a fresh record with Canadians
owing $2
trillion by the end of
2016 and then the UK similar situation
household debt to reach a record high of
14,000 with the economy entering the
danger zone so each country has its own
particular
weaknesses and they are exposed right
here
under this effect that debt has on
people then we look at mortgages
mortgage rates are at an alltime
low continuing to Spur growth in the
housing market surely prices of homes
have increased and this is continuing to
put pressure on everyone who has yet to
get into the
market Yorkshire Building Society
launches Rec record low
89% mortgage rate this is of course out
of the
UK
rent renting is another option but rents
have skyrocketed to extreme levels in
many cities there seems to be no
stopping this inflationary
pressure this here is Orange County rent
hid an alltime high amid job growth and
low vacancy rates moving over to Ireland
you can see rents at a record high as
Rental Supply reaches an alltime
low and then
Toronto price to rent a Toronto
apartment is up by
300 in the last 6
months staying at home millennials have
been staying at home even after
graduating because it's simply too
expensive to go out on their own the
debt has accumulated throughout the
college or university education and the
starting salary hasn't kept up with
inflation in fact it is declining in
real terms Millennials may never get out
of their parents'
homes
and just to show you this one in three
Americans has
0 saved for
retirement it is just
unbelievable to see this amount of debt
that it's not just on the
nation but on the personal level as well
nearly 70% of young people ages 18 to 34
years old said they have saved less than
$11,000 for a down payment that's
according to this survey about 40% say
they aren't saving anything on a monthly
basis nothing at all no savings at all
well
this shows me gives me extra proof that
there is no legitimate way to dig
ourselves out of this crisis it is
simply the crutch of the federal res
Reserve being used to prop this system
up I mean if you can just see this the
way it is where you have the SNP the Dow
Jones all the other major markets out
there being completely supported by
quantitative
easing primarily and secondarily having
the stimulus packages like Tarpon all
those so it doesn't surprise me when you
have $200 billion per month being
printed and sent out there in a slush
fund the global slush fund you have
unintended consequences or perhaps
intended
consequences and that is in this case
Equity prices rising it could be the
housing bubble
in Canada for example it could be
Commodities you don't know but
quantitative easing has these effects
where it's essentially unable to be
controlled they can control the amount
of
liquidity and basically put markets into
a recession if they
desire however just look at it where is
the real economy it's all gone
anyway if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
last but not least if you found this
video informative then I know you will
find my books the money GPS and global
economic collapse even more informative
so head over to Amazon they have a look
inside feature that will allow you to
flip through the pages of these books to
see if you like them take care